the colombiano.com
very good morning ladies and gentlemen children
and girls cachetones and cachetona
welcome to the circus medellín
I'm Carlos Alvarez himself and I'm the
director of the circo medellín foundation
5 Medellín is a proposal for
city for all the people a space of
spiritual space joy and also
physical where we want to make a kind
acupuncture point one point
Acupuncture to give you to put our
granite of sand to health
social of our beloved city
Medellin remember the one that most evenings
of circus have their credit is the first
who enters the kingdom of heaven
for me the circus means practically
my life because ajá
I've been a long time from where
I come to rehearse where I leave the kitchen
of the neighborhood and it is a space of peace and
quiet, hello, my name is
anderson silva and I am same clown of the
circus foundation medellín
the circus medellín is my house is my life
it's my home
my fantasy place where I believe and I
I recite where it is flower or where it fantasized my
name is nobody alonso palace and I do
part of the circo medellín foundation and
I am same nail
name is lily andrea
Elena hears me andrea and we are same
clown of the circus half the world of the circus
it is because it is something beautiful it is magical it is
it's colorful is an energy of joy
smiles the best part is that the
people who come adult children
young people have a good image of these
young is worth the redundancy that
they changed then because we have
a very nice motto that says among the
who decided to make us cry
we decided to make people laugh
my job with the boys is to motivate them
teach them not only artistic things
but also especially for life
we are always combining those two
work we are always insisting
here in the circus he taught them what is
mimo theater the group is still
basically have a nearly 20
boys that we have at this moment and
to the circus at this moment they are arriving
other young people from other neighborhoods
come to use the facilities to
rehearse and share with them
knowledge
Carlos Alvarez is my brother my friend
father my teacher
the or the element to follow the step to
follow the example for me a great
teacher or great teacher a person who
it teaches us a lot for everyday life
my dream is to see many many young people in
this place going through here filling up
in life of joy recovering another
time your faith your hope
and that the circus can provide them
I dream with
with seeing this circus full every day
of people
of listening to feel their laughter their
applause how they have fun and how
they enjoy seeing you when you go out and
that's the circe medellín the joy in
the heart of all a means to say with
the gym we are waiting for you with great joy
to give them all and all here fit
all children young people
teenagers and also our grandparents
We are waiting for you in the Circo Medellin
wonderful experience for all
ah
the colombiano.com